# Newsbeuter subscriptions
#
# Jason Blevins <jrblevin@sdf.lonestar.org>
# Chapel Hill, April 5, 2008

# alerts
http://www.duke.edu/today/rss/alert.php alerts

# news
http://online.wsj.com/xml/rss/3_7011.xml news
http://www.jeffersonpost.com/?rss=news news

# blogs
http://yourkelly.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default blogs
http://golem.ph.utexas.edu/~distler/blog/atom10.xml blogs
http://intertwingly.net/blog/index.atom blogs
http://plasmasturm.org/feeds/plasmasturm/ blogs
http://www.davidcross.us/cgi-bin/blosxom.cgi/index.rss blogs
http://fluff.info/blog/rss_feed blogs
http://jonahgelbach.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default blogs

# devel
http://golem.ph.utexas.edu/~distler/code/itexToMML.atom devel instiki
http://github.com/feeds/parasew/commits/instiki/master devel instiki
http://code.jblevins.org/instiki/index.atom devel instiki
http://golem.ph.utexas.edu/instiki/atom_with_content devel instiki
http://blosxom.ookee.com/blog/index.rss devel
http://ikiwiki.info/recentchanges/index.rss devel
http://hjemli.net/git/cgit/atom/?h=master devel

# productivity
http://feeds.feedburner.com/ToolsForThought productivity

# self
http://jblevins.org/index.atom self
http://jblevins.org/feeds/visitors.atom self
http://jblevins.org/feeds/referrers.atom self
http://jblevins.org/feeds/research.atom self
http://jblevins.org/accum/atom.xml self
http://xbeta.org/wiki/atom_with_content self
