# Newsbeuter subscriptions

# alerts
http://www.duke.edu/today/rss/alert.php alerts

# news
http://jeffersonpost.com/rss/home/News?content_type=article

# community
http://germanvillage.com/feed

# blogs
http://golem.ph.utexas.edu/~distler/blog/atom10.xml blogs
http://plasmasturm.org/feeds/plasmasturm/ blogs
http://www.davidcross.us/cgi-bin/blosxom.cgi/index.rss blogs
http://fluff.info/blog/rss_feed blogs
http://jonahgelbach.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default blogs
http://alewbel.livejournal.com/data/atom blogs
http://cheeptalk.wordpress.com/feed/ blogs
http://orthogonalprojections.typepad.com/orthogonal_projections/atom.xml blogs
http://ascii.textfiles.com/feed/atom blogs

# scientific computing
http://modelingwithdata.org/modeling.xml scicomp
http://blogsearch.google.com/blogsearch_feeds?hl=en&q=fortran+-rapidshare+-warez+-download&ie=utf-8&num=10&output=atom scicomp
http://apenwarr.ca/log/rss.php scicomp
http://dpcarlisle.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default scicomp

# devel
http://plnews.org/index.atom devel fortran
http://golem.ph.utexas.edu/~distler/code/itexToMML/atom devel instiki
http://github.com/feeds/parasew/commits/instiki/master devel instiki
http://golem.ph.utexas.edu/instiki/atom_with_content devel instiki
http://instiki.org/atom_with_content devel instiki
http://hjemli.net/git/cgit/atom/?h=master devel

# self
http://jblevins.org/index.atom self
http://xbeta.org/wiki/atom_with_content self
http://fortranwiki.org/fortran/atom_with_content self

# podcasts
http://www.npr.org/rss/podcast.php?id=510053 podcast
http://feeds.feedburner.com/TheSoundOpinionsPodcast podcast
